#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.3.3
    # via flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.1.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==8.0.0
    # via
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
attrs==19.3.0
    # via jsonschema
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.4
    # via raven
celery==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-once
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
chardet==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
decorator==4.4.1
    # via validators
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-injector
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   raven
flask-admin==1.5.7
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-injector==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restplus==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ftfy==5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==20.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==0.4.17
    # via gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
infinity==1.4
    # via intervals
injector==0.18.2
    # via flask-injector
intervals==0.8.1
    # via wtforms-components
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==2.10.3
    # via flask
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via flask-restplus
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
mako==1.1.1
    # via alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via click-repl
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pendulum
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
raven[flask]==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery-once
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   validators
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
sqlalchemy==1.3.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   wtforms-alchemy
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.1
    # via wtforms-alchemy
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tqdm==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.7.4.1
    # via injector
unidecode==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
validators==0.14.2
    # via wtforms-components
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==0.16.0
    # via flask
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
wtforms-alchemy==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wtforms-components==0.10.4
    # via wtforms-alchemy
zope-event==4.4
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.1.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
