#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-test.in
#
alembic==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
amqp==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==8.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   raven
celery==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery-once
celery-once==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
chardet==3.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via pytest-cov
decorator==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   validators
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
flake8==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   flake8-isort
flake8-isort==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements-test.in
flask==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-injector
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-wtf
    #   raven
flask-admin==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-injector==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restful==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restplus==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
ftfy==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
gevent==20.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
infinity==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   intervals
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
injector==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-injector
intervals==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wtforms-components
isort[pyproject]==4.3.21
    # via flake8-isort
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restplus
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
mako==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   redis
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-test.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements-test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   pendulum
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pendulum
raven[flask]==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
redis==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery-once
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-restplus
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   validators
    #   wtforms-components
sqlalchemy==1.4.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   wtforms-alchemy
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wtforms-alchemy
testfixtures==6.10.3
    # via flake8-isort
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.0
    # via isort
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==3.7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   injector
unidecode==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
validators==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wtforms-components
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
wtforms==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
wtforms-alchemy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wtforms-components==0.10.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wtforms-alchemy
zope-event==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
